Okay, everyone. So we are just here to wrap up the dev room. And we have a couple of last
sentence just to share with you. First, well, it was awesome to have you here. And sorry,
join the conversation on the Fosdom channel on Kotlin Slack. There is where basically we
announced the call for paper, we announced there will be a dev room. Also, we do have some
possibility to shape the dev room in a way that fits better the community. Like we could do a
two-day dev room or an alpha day dev room or we could do like an alpha in person and alpha virtual.
Or we could, I don't know, focus on certain topic. We try to react to the community response. So
this is the channel on Kotlin Slack is public. Everyone can join. You can see the whole
conversation there. Join it. And yeah, like we would love to know, like, even if you have feedback
in general for this dev room this year, to share with us, we'll be more than happy to listen. And
we are all there. So you will find us there. Yeah, some news on the licenses lottery.
Yeah. Anything more? You asked. No, it's fine. So we have three licenses to raffle. Two of them
will go out to people who were nice enough to tweet or contact us on Kotlin link. And the last
one will be raffled tonight at the meetup. And I think there is somewhere a link for the...
Excellent. So sign up so we know how many people to expect. And then you Nick will or Martin will
do the raffle. Yeah, I'll be there. So looking forward to have some beers with you there. I just
want to say a big thank you to Nico, who has been doing all the heavy lifting, like, for several
months, actually, several years. He's the one who put Kotlin that first done. So thank you very much.
Thank you, folks, for coming. It was always awesome. Every time I say, I should stop doing
this. But then I come to Fostum and I see so many people excited to talk about Kotlin. It gives me
so much joy. So I can't give up. That's why. Thank you again. And I really hope to see you in Fostum
in 2024. Thank you.